Here's a plan. So, what I want to do
today is make an application that's like
a little game that gives you guys a
challenge to spam a certain number of
emotes in a certain amount of time, but
you can't go over the [music] limit.
Okay? So, this would be like up on the
screen it says spam pog champ. So, if
you're like, "Oh my god, Pogchamp." That
looks horrifying. I don't like that. If
I'm like, "You have to spam Pogchamp 250
times." [music] Then it pops up on
screen and then we have a number and
then every time somebody says Pogchamp,
it goes up by one. And so eventually it
gets close to 250. If you go over, then
a big buzzer plays. And if you're 251,
eh, you lost. And we'll say you have
like a minute or whatever. That is my
incredible idea. Wow. Amazing. So, great
news. Uh, if you have wanted to learn to
do some actual programming of like how
you build a project from scratch, you're
not going to do that today,
>> guys. Let's freaking do it. Let's just
let's just [__] run the code. I think
we can do it. Ready,
set.
>> 5 4 3 2 1
>> GO. OKAY, you have 26 seconds. Slow
down. Slow down. You're going way too
fast. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down.
Slow down. Slow down. Slow down.
Okay, start slowing. You're You're 15
seconds left. YOU HAVE BOTH. SLOW DOWN.
ALL RIGHT, YOU SHOULD BE DONE. You
should be done. 8 7 6 5 4 3 2
>> Oh [__] dude. That was awesome. 249.
All right, that was hype as [__] man.
That was worth it. That was worth 3
hours of coding or whatever it's been.
How do we do it first try? That was
awesome.
>> Can you make it so everyone who posts a
Poke Champ over the count [music] gets
spammed for 10 minutes for not holding
the line?
>> Yeah, we could add that in pretty quick,
I think. Okay, I gave you a pretty big
window last time. 200 to 250 is pretty
easy. I'm giving you a window of 25. 475
to 4. Like, this is hard mode now. Okay,
on top of that, how long should you get?
45 seconds. That's it. You think you can
do it? 45 seconds. There's no way.
There's no way. Everyone ready? If you
can do this first try, 475 to 500. I'll
give 10 subs.
>> 5 4 3 2 1
>> go. 45 seconds.
Oh my god, you're at 100. You're going
to way overshoot.
You got to start slowing down. I think I
don't know, man. I think you're going
too fast. You have 27 seconds left.
Okay, this is surprisingly good. You're
starting to slow. Hold on. You could do
this. This is shockingly good.
No way. There's 10 seconds. You You need
to get in range, though.
Go. Okay. 80 895. A little more. A
little more. A little more.
>> Yes. Oh, that was so close though. Damn,
that was so close. Holy [__] Okay. Wow.
Well played. You guys almost got it.
>> Yes, Doug. Punish us for releasing our
pogies [music]
too fast. We've been so bad.
>> Shut up. How long How long do we ban?
What's 72,000 seconds? I'm reducing my
offering. You know what? 5 minutes is
too short. It's an hour. Now that
there's genuine consequence to you going
over, maybe people be scared. I'm
throwing 10 gifted subs back on. Okay?
And you know why? I'm just going to tell
tell you to your [__] face.
I don't believe in you. I think you're
scared. You guys are going to get to
like 460 and everybody's going to say,
"Well, I don't want to get panned." Oh,
no. Not me. Not for 2 hours or 1 hour.
And you're going to you're going to
panic and you're going to close the
stream and you're going to run. You're
going to hide in your bathroom and
you're not even going to get into the
green zone. I'm predicting you guys end
at 472.
That's what I'm predicting. Or that so
many of you guys are going to take this
aggressively and try to be the one who
pushes it and then you're going to go
over 500. Now, what are you going to do?
Are you going to be cowards or are you
going to be overly aggressive and fail?
If you can end it in between 475 and
500, 10 gifted subs. Ready?
>> 5 4 3 2
>> Ready.
>> One.
>> Okay. Okay. Fast out of the gate. This
is fine. This is fine. If your message
has pogies, it'll count as one. Doesn't
matter how many times. It's got to be
all caps. Okay, you're already at 200.
33 seconds left.
Okay,
you're listen. I think you're going too
hard.
I think you're going too hard. It's
going to get to 475. I think you guys
should probably You should slow down,
right? You should probably slow down,
right? Are you a little scared? I think
you guys should slow down, right? MAYBE
WE SHOULD RUN, GUYS. MAYBE WE SHOULD RUN
AND PANIC. OH GOD. WE SHOULD PROBABLY
RUN, RIGHT? I think it's too much. 493.
>> OH MY GOD. RIGHT OVER.
>> THREE 2 1
>> exactly 501 or did it crash? Ban that
guy. [laughter]
They deserve a perma ban. I don't think
it banned you guys because I didn't see
any bans in the thing. Make the goal
number [music] a mystery and chat needs
to get as close as possible within a
time limit.
>> Oh, that's a good idea. I don't tell you
guys.
>> Make the first person be banned [music]
for a year and their name goes on a wall
of shame. [laughter]
>> Going to be some kid on his phone like
just trying. He like opens a Doug dog
stream for the first time. He's like,
"Oh, I want to I want to tune in. This
seems fun." Then he put his name on a
wall of shame. There's thousands of
people all harassing this poor kid. I
mean, don't get me wrong, he for sure
deserves it. So, what we're going to do
is then we're also going to after
banning you, we're going to do a little
bit of MP3 or Oh. Oh, wow. Did it farm
out of it. Excellent. All right, cool.
I'm just going to tell you right in your
face. You guys are cowards. You're not
willing to stand in front of the band
bot.
>> 5 4 3 2 1.
>> I don't think you're actually going to
go all the way, chat. I think you're
going to bail out at 460. You're going
to do 464
and everybody's going to go, "Oh no, I
don't want to get banned." You're going
to run around screaming and crying and
sobbing, vomiting and shaking of 30
seconds left. You got to pick up the
pace. You got to pick up the pace. You
guys are way behind right now. You're
not actually. But I said that to make
people spam much more because now you're
way over pace. You are super [__] You
have to stop right now. Oh no, no, no,
no, no.
My god, there's so many so many people
died. Three, two, one,
>> and die. Okay, so we did lose 75 people.
I told you your confidence will be the
death of you, chat. You guys jump in
front of a bullet. Not to save somebody,
but just cuz it would be fun. I will
give you two more chances now that we
have all the official rules in place and
bands are in place. Three chances to
land between 475 and 500. Again, you
have 45 seconds to land there. I just
arrived here and there were 75 gunshots
and there are 75 dead people in the
room. Should I get the broom?
>> I would wait for just a little bit. I
think we're going to be losing some more
people. 3 2 1
>> Okay, you're actually You started pretty
fast out of the gate. This is genuinely
kind of fast. You're already at 400. You
guys are [__] You guys are mega
[__] You're so [__] There's no way
you're stopping now. Okay. No, you're
dead. You're dead.
You lost less people this time. Only um
41 people died. Last chance for 10
gifted subs. You have to end it between
475 and 500.
>> 5 4 3 2 1
>> Okay. All right. This is about the right
pace. Got to slow down a little bit
more.
That was a lot. Okay. You got to slow
way down, dude. You got TO SLOW WAY
DOWN. WHY ARE YOU STILL PUGGING? Just
stop. Just stop. Just stop doing it.
right now.
>> Only one.
>> Only 19 people this time.
>> What does double or nothing mean in this
context? How would it mean 20 gifted
subs? I won. You didn't do it. So, you
give me subs. If you if somebody here
wants to commit to giving me 10 gifted
subs for double or nothing. Doing double
or nothing when you lost doesn't get you
twice as much stuff. I will I will
gamble. If somebody here says 10 gifted
subs, if you guys beat it in the next
three tries, I give 10. I give 10. Okay,
somebody is offered. 10 gifted subs are
on the line. 10 from you guys, 10 from
me. Three shots. Really? I should get 20
from you guys if it's double or nothing.
Double the ban time. [laughter]
Okay, right now the ban is only an hour.
It should be 24 hours. What's 24 hours?
No, I'm not going to I'm going to be
streaming on uh maybe tomorrow. Maybe
Friday. You have to not be able to be
here on Friday stream. 400,000 should do
it, right? Here's the deal. You're
banned longer. 10 for 10. You do it in
the next three, you get 10 gifted subs
from me. If you don't, I get 10 gifted
subs from you. So, there be like some
back What's a really epic like
background? This is so dramatic. Okay,
this does make it feel more intense.
You're right. This is a good call.
>> 5 4 3
2 1 [laughter]
>> Okay, that was not the correct count.
All right, we're already at Oh my god,
100. Dude, you guys are bugged. This is
going way too fast. Way too fast. God,
do I want to sabotage you? You're
actually going too slow. But now that
I'm saying this, you're going to speed
up too much and you're going to die.
This pacing is perfect, but people are
probably going to freak out the last
second.
>> Holy [__] You might do it.
>> It's so close.
>> YES. [screaming] YES. That's right.
Eight people got banned, but you got
shockingly close, dude. That was good.
That was like concerningly good. I'm
going to be honest. I was kind of
worried. Okay. I don't believe for a
[__] instant that you're actually
going to get this, but I am slightly
concerned. You're getting a lot closer.
Round number two out of three begins in
3 2 1. And I'm just going to [__] with
you. Okay, you are way way behind now.
You are already at 150 before this. You
need to get way up. Way way up.
Okay, everybody who hasn't been saying
pogies, get it in there. You only have
20 seconds left. You are going to be way
way way under at this rate.
[__] This might be it. No. No. No. No.
No. No. No. No. Keep going. Keep going.
Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep
going. Keep going. KEEP GOING. KEEP
GOING. ONE MORE. ONE MORE. YES. YES. WE
PANICKED AT THE END. YES. OKAY. Mine
games. You're super susceptible to mind
games. I can just [__] with you. You
don't have to be upset at the people who
broke it. They're banned for 5 days.
Okay. They're punished for it.
>> When the game starts, mute audio so you
can't listen to his lies.
>> Don't you It's not That's [__]
cheating. You got to listen to me. You
got to look in my mouth and let my sound
waves hit in your ears like adult. Okay?
Don't be a child and refuse to listen to
me scream at you.
>> Hold the line, [music] chat. Do not
listen to the non-believer. Remember, we
are all children of the line. Hold.
>> I just want you to know that you're
going to fail and you should give up
now.
>> I don't know, [music] chat. Do you guys
think that Doug Doug is rigging it? I
think he's rigging it.
>> You can tell yourself that when you're
banned for 5 days. This is your last
shot. This is the double or nothing.
Twitch is saying my messages are coming
too fast even when I don't post in 5
seconds deep.
>> Oh, that's such a good idea. Thank you
for reminding me. That was a terrible
idea to have reminded me of this just
now. Slow mode off. [laughter]
Ready? Last chance starting in five.
>> 4 3 2 1 go.
Okay, you got to get to 475 to 500.
Okay, you're way behind. Wait, you're
way ahead. You're way ahead, actually.
Now you're behind. Unmute it, chat.
Unmute. You got to listen to me. You're
way behind. You got to go. Go, go, go,
go, go, go. Okay, this is If you slow
way down.
Oh [__] This could do it. Oh [__] This
could actually do it. No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, NO.
GO, GO, GO, MORE, MORE. HERE WE GO.
[__]
>> DUDE. Like half a second more and I
thought another wave was coming in. Oh,
god damn it. All right, that was pretty
that was pretty [__] clutch. I'm
going to be honest. That was good. Gift
20 now. No, it's not how double or
nothing works. Okay, I'm going to give
you a 50 emote window. And I'm not going
to tell you what it is. It is between
100 and a,000, but I'm not telling you
what it is beyond that. If you can first
try this, I'll give 30 subs. Okay, I do
owe 10 gifted subs. Let me do that. You
guys did earn it. Jesus, take the wheel.
Thank you me for the 10 gifted subs. All
right, ready, set, go. You have 90
seconds. You can take your time. No rush
here. No rush at all. There's a 50 slot
range somewhere in here.
It's probably 350, right? You should
slow down now. It's probably 350.
All right, so it's actually 500 to 550.
So if you slow down now, you'll be able
to do it. remaining.
>> Okay, I was joking. It's 800 to 900. You
got to speed up at this point.
It's 650 to 700. Stop. Keep going. KEEP
GOING. KEEP GOING. KEEP GOING. KEEP
GOING.
OKAY. OKAY. OKAY. OKAY. This is so much
harder, dude. This is Okay. Hold on. I'm
going to give you a range of 100. 50 is
too hard. Like, that's too insane,
right? There's a mystery range of 100
that you have to get. Somewhere from 100
to 1,000. I'll give you two more
chances. 3, two, one.
>> So, I was thinking, okay, it's 100 200,
by the way. [laughter]
Okay.
[laughter]
Oh my god, so many people died.
Okay. I mean, I had to do that once.
Like, come on. That's funny.
>> I'm sorry, chat. [music] I barreling
through the line. Ra, etc., etc.
>> All right, everybody ready? Third
chance. 30 gifted subs if you land it.
You have a mystery 100 slot window. It
is somewhere from 100 to 1,000. All you
got to do is end in that slot. Starting
in five
>> 4 3 2 1.
>> Dude, you're just barreling through 100.
You have 1 minute left.
>> 1 minute remaining.
>> You're at 700.
You're speeding up.
Okay, you figured it out. It's 900 to
1,000. Why are you still spamming this
much? You got to slow way the [__] down.
It's still going.
Wait, hold on. Poggies.
Okay, I added three. You have 20 seconds
where you can only say pogies 35 more
times. If you lose by three, actually
rig 975
>> 91
three,
[laughter]
>> dude. You guys had it. You slowed down
right at 900. That was it. I don't know
if it's people who like don't realize
what's going on or they're just
anarchists and they're like, I'LL BURN
THIS PLACE to the ground with my pogies.
You know, it's like there's people in LA
right now who are starting fires. Maybe
it's like that. They're like, "If we're
already at 975
pogies, what's a little more pogies?"
Anyways, you guys will get your checks
in the mail. Doug has the blood of three
people on his hands. Is it my fault
though? I put three into the queue
pretty early. Early enough that the
people who the 11 people who got banned,
they brought that on themselves. They
could have not said pogies. That's not
on me. We can do a double or nothing. I
offered 30. This would mean one of you
guys has to put up 30. I will. Okay.
Three more chances. 30 if you get it.
One of you guys throws up 30 if you
don't.
>> I was thinking I should make it 100 to
200k. That's just an auto win for me.
Okay, I am telling you right now I'm
setting it to 100 to 200. I'm straight
up being honest. All right, [__] good
luck. This is one of three.
[laughter]
This is way too much in the beginning. I
told you. I told you it was 100 200. You
have to sit here for a minute and 20
seconds and not say pogies 16 more
times.
Who is the person who's saying it right
now? Do you just do you want to go out?
Are you just tired of your sad existence
as a chatter? I guess these are probably
the type of people you want to lose.
>> I added more to the end because I want
to see the world burn.
>> Okay, see child in a toilet costume is
one of the anarchists. He just wants to
see this sad Pogy's world burn to the
ground.
>> What about a challenge where we try to
get to 1,000 where pogies increases the
number and rigged decreases the number?
>> Yeah, we can do a version of that. But
first, I want to see if you guys can
pull this off. Final chance. 30 gifted
subs on the line. It is a 100 span
block. It's not one one to 200. You have
90 seconds. Lock the [__] in. I also
really enjoy that the 5second countdown
is never correct. He's always like five
4 3 2 1.
>> Last chance.
>> 3 2 1.
>> Okay, you're starting slower than
normal. I'll even tell you that it's a
100 viewer increment from the beginning
of 100 to the end. You're going pretty
quick. What if it's 600? Okay, you know
it's at least 700 or more. Did I do it
at 7 to 800? Okay, so here's the
question. I do it 8 to 900 or 900 to
1,000. Which one would I have done? IT'S
900 TO 1,000. 20 SECONDS. YOU GOT TO GO
FAST BUT NOT TOO FAST. LIKE YOU'RE
SPEEDING UP. BAD DECISION. 17 seconds.
15 14 13 You're already 950. You're so
done. You're so done. 969.
976. 5
>> 5
>> 4 3 2 1
>> [__]
>> Oh, I thought I actually had you. Okay.
Well, wait. I thought you were for sure
screwed. Quadruple or nothing.
[laughter] Why? You just won. Jesus,
take the wheel. Yeah, I think letting
the anarchist die really helped. Like
literally, think about it. 13 more
[music] pogies would have put you over
the edge. Those like 40 anarchists who
died last time for sure would have
screwed you over. You had to purge the
anarchist. You know what's crazy? If I
hadn't let the timer just sit there,
those anarchists would have been alive
and would have killed you. I really
messed up by letting you guys purge
people. Okay, I'm trying to think. Is
there a way I could say it if it ends in
the range? I guess we just say that it
ends stream. We can do that. Print
green. You pass the challenge. And then
we do OBS websocket manager stop stream.
If you can land in the window, then it
ends stream.
>> Wait a minute. It should be that the
stream keeps going [music] if chat makes
it into the small band, right? Or else
chat will hold the line and not say
anything.
>> Wait, do you guys want to end the stream
by getting correctly in the target or do
you want to keep the stream going by
landing in the target? Keep it going is
so funny. So you're [laughter]
keep it going by a small target. Okay.
What's the way that we get the thing to
turn down? What emote do you want to go
down? Hold. That doesn't make a lot of
sense, but that's fine. We'll do hold.
This is tense. Here's how this works.
You are getting a range. We're going to
start with a big range. 200 to 300.
Easy. You've got 90 seconds. If you land
within 90 seconds, then the stream keeps
going. But if you're outside of that
range, when the time runs out, the
stream will immediately end after 5
seconds. If you survive this one, it'll
get harder. Technically, you guys could
keep this stream going for hours,
[music] days, months. I will always give
you the chance, but the band that you
have to land in is going to get smaller
every time. Chat, you got 5 seconds till
you start. You're going to have 90
seconds to keep the number between 200
and 300.
>> 90 seconds. It has to land. If you go
over 300, you get shot, by the way.
Okay. Well, you were. You're in victory
zone. You're in victory zone. Okay. If
you stay here,
>> you're so low, man.
>> You want to get to like the 250.
Anywhere from 200 to 300, you're safe.
>> I assume you want to get to the middle
and then you want to like plant a foot
on both sides and you defend yourself
against the pogers and the holders. Just
be be careful. There might be anarchists
who try to like get you over the edge at
the very end. Okay, you're you're
swinging too much. You're swinging way
too much. YOU'RE LITERALLY OUT OF RANGE.
25 SECONDS.
[laughter] You don't You don't want to
overdo it. There's a thousand other
people who are going to try to
compensate for being out of range.
>> Rockies will be [__]
>> Okay, 14 seconds. If you just stop right
now, you're fine.
>> Nice and easy. Okay.
>> 4
2 1.
>> Nice job. Nice job. Nice job. Okay, that
was beautiful. 263 right near the
middle. Very well done. Very well done.
Okay, and the stream continues, but now
we're going 250 to 350 band. This is
starting to get harder. Not only is it
actual just less, right? People are
going to start to panic a little more. I
think people are going to be a little
more on edge, right? They're going to be
like, "Oh [__] I can't wait to stream
all night with you guys all tomorrow,
all the next day. This is going to go on
for months. As long as you don't [__] it
up.
>> Five. Four.
Four.
Oh, okay. Two. One.
>> Oh, there's two. Okay.
>> Okay. All right. You're in. You're in
the range. You're in the range. Careful
not to go over 300, by the way. That'll
shoot you.
>> It won't end it, but you will get shot
if you go over 300.
>> Okay. You want to stay at 275. That's
your target.
That's close. You might lose a couple.
Okay, you're back down. You didn't hit
over. Oh, people are FREAKING OUT.
YOU'RE PEEKING OUT. YOU'RE PANICKING.
DON'T PANIC. CALM DOWN. YOU HAVE 18
seconds. You're at 271. That's perfect.
Stay right there. Don't freak out. You
legitimately can't freak out. STAY RIGHT
THERE. STAY 275. LITERALLY PERFECT. 275.
>> ONE.
>> Holy [__] Off by one at the center.
Okay. Okay. And now we go into ultra
hard mode. Band of 30. No, we're going
for 25. 500 to 525. Is everybody ready?
Do exactly what you did. Ready?
>> 3 2 1
>> Okay. All right. Let's send it. 500 525.
We got to get up to 500. SHOOT UP TO
500. Be careful. Don't go too far over.
You will get shot.
>> You got to get 1 minute. 500 to 525.
Play it slow. Get there slow.
>> Okay, you're getting there. You getting
there?
Okay. And now start holding. And now
start holding. You got to get up a
little bit. You want to be at like 512.
512 is your target. Okay. Beautiful.
You're in range. If you go past 5 Okay,
that's [music] it. That's right there.
512. 513. Holy [__] You might do it. I
thought this was the round that you're
dead for sure.
Oh my god. 512 is your target if you go
to 525.
Okay.
There's no way you do this. I'm
genuinely so impressed right now. 7 6 5
[screaming] 4 WHAT THE [__] WHO DID
THIS?
[laughter]